content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:Comparación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:Tema
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:clave
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:Palabras
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:Situación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:3:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:4:Autor
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:Fuente
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:Hijo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:6:Secuencia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:Segmento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:Vínculos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:11:Comparación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:11:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:11:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:algunas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:análisis
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:categorías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:comparación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:comparativo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:diferentes
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:dimensiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:dimensiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:este
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:permitan
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:presentar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:propuestas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:selecionado
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:subdividir
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:aspectos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:cuenta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:serán
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:tener
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:Portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:Servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:Gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:Estrategia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:Versionamiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:Monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:Operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:21:Evolución
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:21:Mantenimiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:22:Nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:22:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:aspectos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:Cada
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:dichos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:elementos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:finalmente
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:financiero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:forma
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:posteriormente
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:presentado
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:será
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:25:uno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:29:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:31:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:asociadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:cargos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:criterios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:cuenta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:dentro
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:dentro
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:depósito
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:desean
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:diferentes
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:establecer
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:establecido
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:Esto
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:formalismo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:grupo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:incluye
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:modelos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:organización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:organización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:33:realizar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:36:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:36:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:36:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:38:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:38:Depoósito
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:39:Análisis
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:39:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:39:modelos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:40:arquitecturas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:40:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:40:modelado
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:40:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:43:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:43:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:Portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:52:Servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:54:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:busca
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:búsqueda
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:comparativo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:documentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:entre
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:establecer
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:industria
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:registro
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:su
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:55:su
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:57:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:57:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:57:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:58:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:58:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:58:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:58:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:58:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:59:Gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:59:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:59:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:61:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:61:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:70:Gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:70:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:72:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:allá
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:asociados
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:busca
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:comparar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:criterios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:dirección
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:directa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:establecen
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:Este
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:forma
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:gobierno
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:guías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:organización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:pero
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:portafolio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:procedimientos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:punto
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:relaciona
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:74:SOA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:76:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:76:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:76:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:77:arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:77:Comité
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:78:lineamientos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:78:Políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:79:Arquitectura
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:79:referencia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:80:decisión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:80:Toma
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:Priorización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:81:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:83:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:83:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:91:Estrategia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:91:Versionamiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:93:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:busca
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:establecer
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:mecanismos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:95:versiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:99:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:99:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:99:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:101:cambio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:101:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:101:Manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:102:documentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:102:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:102:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:102:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:102:versiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:Documentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:sus
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:103:versiones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:107:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:107:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:115:Monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:115:Operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:117:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:analiza
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:diferentes
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:mecanismos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:relacionadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:118:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:120:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:120:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:120:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:despliegue
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:gestionar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:121:utilizadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:122:alarmas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:122:gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:122:Herramientas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:122:monitoreo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:122:notificaciones
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:122:operación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:124:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:124:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:132:Evolución
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:132:Mantenimiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:134:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:analiza
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:capacidad
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:categoría
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:corregir
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:decir
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:Esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:estrategias
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:evolución
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:evolucionar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:favorecer
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:mantener
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:mantenimiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:mejorar
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:organización
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:organizacón
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:poder
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:recomendadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:136:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:138:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:138:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:138:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:139:cambio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:139:Gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:140:cambio
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:140:Manejo
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:140:solicitudes
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:141:cambios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:141:Gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:141:prioridades
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:142:defectos
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:142:Gestión
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:142:inconformidades
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:144:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:144:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:151:Nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:151:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:153:Descripción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:adopción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:analizan
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:así
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:asociadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:categoria
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:comparadas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:dichas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:esta
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:FNA
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:industria
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:relacionados
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:renovación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:servicios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:temas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:154:vigilancia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:156:el
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:156:Mejores
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:156:prácticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:158:Políticas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:158:vigilancia
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:159:experimentación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:159:Laboratorios
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:159:nuevas
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:159:tecnologías
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:160:Capacitación
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:160:entrenamiento
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:161:adopción
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:161:migracións
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:161:programado
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:163:Comparativa
content/01a.Comparativa FNA industria.md:163:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:1:Estado
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:1:Fase
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:1:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:2:Alcance
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:2:Contenido
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:2:Productos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:4:Producto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:4:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:Ahorro
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:año
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:aplicaciones
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:arquitectura
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:comprendida
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:críticas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:desde
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:destacan
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:donde
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:el
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:el
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:está
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:funcional
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:información
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:información
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:integración
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:Nacionnal
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:operan
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:organizada
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:por
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:Por
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:Presentar
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:proveedores
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:según
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:sistemas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:situación
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:situación
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:tanto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:tecnologías
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:5:tecnológoca
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:7:Justificación
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:Adicionalmente
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:análisis
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:arquitectura
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:arquitectura
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:arquitectura
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:componen
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:común
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:común
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:comunicar
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:convierte
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:decisiones
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:decisiones
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:efectiva
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:el
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:entre
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:espacio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:estándar
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:estructura
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:Fondo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:forma
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:impacto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:lograr
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:medio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:mínimas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:necesarias
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:organización
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:organizada
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:por
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:por
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:propuesta
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:provee
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:relevantes
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:sobre
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:su
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:sugieren
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:tecnología
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:trabajo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:8:vocabulario
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:10:Contenidos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:11:Descripción
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:11:Funcional
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:Contexto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:diagnóstico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:diagnóstico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:objetivos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:objeto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:procesos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:productos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:12:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:13:ejercicio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:13:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:13:Segmento
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:13:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:14:Catálogo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:14:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:14:seleccionados
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:14:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:15:Áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:15:Áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:15:diagnóstico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:15:objeto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:15:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:16:Capacidades
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:16:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:16:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:16:relacionadas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:16:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:16:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:17:aplicaciones
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:17:información
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:17:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:17:Sistemas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:18:Distribución
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:18:por
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:18:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:18:Servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:18:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:18:tipo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:18:Tipos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:19:debería
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:19:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:19:independientes
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:19:Servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:19:tener
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:diagnóstico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:objetivos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:objeto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:Procesos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:productos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:relacionados
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:20:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:21:Arquitectura
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:21:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:21:referencia
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:21:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:22:Descripción
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:22:Información
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:23:aplicaciones
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:23:Portafolio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:23:proveedores
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:24:datos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:24:Inventario
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:25:Descripción
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:25:Integración
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:26:crítica
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:26:información
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:26:intercambio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:26:Matriz
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:26:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:27:datos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:27:Entidades
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:27:información
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:27:integración
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:27:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:27:relacionadas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:28:Conectores
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:28:integración
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:28:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:29:datos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:29:Inventario
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:29:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:29:por
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:29:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:29:tipo
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:29:utilitarios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:áreas
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:Conectores
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:diagnóstico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:integración
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:necesidades
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:objeto
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:30:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:31:Entre
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:31:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:31:Interrelación
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:31:Servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:31:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:32:Descripción
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:32:Tecnológica
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:33:inventario
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:33:Listado
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:33:servicios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:33:tecnológico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:34:Análisis
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:34:el
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:34:FNA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:34:Madurez
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:34:Método
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:34:Presentación
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:34:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:35:análisis
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:35:Cuestionarios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:35:objetivos
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:36:análisis
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:36:Dimensiones
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:36:OSIMM
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:37:diagnóstico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:37:Herramienta
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:37:madurez
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:37:nivel
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:37:SOA
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:45:Aceptación
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:45:Criterios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:47:Descripción
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:47:dominios
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:47:funcionales
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:47:información
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:47:integración
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:47:negocio
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:47:Tecnológica
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:48:Análisis
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:48:diagnóstico
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:48:madurez
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:48:nivel
content/01.Fase1 PR1 SOA Actual.md:48:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:1:Estado
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:1:Fase
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:1:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:2:Alcance
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:2:Contenido
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:2:Productos
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:4:Estudio
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:4:FNA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:4:Madurez
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:4:Producto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:4:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:Ahorro
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:alineación
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:brechas
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:consideraciones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:construir
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:consultoría
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:contribuir
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:dará
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:El
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:elementos
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:este
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:estrategia
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:estudio
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:estudio
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:Exponer
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:FNA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:Fondo
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:Fondo
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:gobierno
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:inicial
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:madurez
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:mantengan
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:modelo
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:Nacional
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:negocio
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:objetivos
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:resultado
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:resultados
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:sobresalientes
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:5:tanto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:7:Justificación
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:analizar
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:arquitectura
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:buenas
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:concreto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:cuanto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:cumplimiento
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:disciplinas
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:el
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:el
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:el
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:el
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:el
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:establecer
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:estandarizada
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:evaluar
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:FNA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:forma
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:forma
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:gobierno
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:grado
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:grados
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:institucionalización
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:madurez
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:madurez
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:modelo
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:modelos
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:nivel
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:objetiva
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:organización
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:permiten
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:permitirá
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:prácticas
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:proceso
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:producto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:propuesto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:8:temáticas
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:10:Contenidos
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:11:diagnóstico
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:11:madurez
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:11:métricas
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:11:Resultados
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:11:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:12:arquitectura
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:12:conclusiones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:12:Consideraciones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:12:estándar
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:12:respecto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:12:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:13:conclusiones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:13:Consideraciones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:13:integración
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:13:necesidades
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:13:respecto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:14:conclusiones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:14:Consideraciones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:14:gobierno
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:14:respecto
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:14:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:15:Fondo
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:15:Implicaciones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:15:otros
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:15:proyectos
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:17:Aceptación
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:17:Criterios
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:Análisis
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:criterios
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:cuenta
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:definiciones
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:el
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:evaluación
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:FNA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:madurez
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:modelo
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:nivel
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:OSIMM
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:por
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:propuestas
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:SOA
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:18:teniendo
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:19:Análisis
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:19:Gobierno
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:19:integración
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:19:necesidades
content/02.Fase1 PR2 Estudio Madurez SOA FNA.md:19:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:1:Estado
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:1:Fase
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:1:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:2:Alcance
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:2:Contenido
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:2:Productos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:4:Diagnóstico
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:4:FNA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:4:Producto
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:4:Resultado
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:4:Situación
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:4:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:brechas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:conclusiones
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:conclusiones
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:constrastadas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:darán
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:el
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:elementos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:Estado
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:estándar
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:estudios
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:expuestas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:Fase
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:futuras
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:futuras
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:gobierno
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:hojas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:iniciaticas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:insumo
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:lugar
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:oportunidades
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:otros
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:posteriores
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:Presentar
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:resumen
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:ruta
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:señalar
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:una
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:5:visión
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:aplicaciones
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:dependencia
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:el
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:este
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:Nota
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:objetivos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:producto
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:proveedor
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:provienen
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:proyecto
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:tiempo
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:7:únicamente
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:9:Justificación
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:actividad
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:actividades
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:arquitectura
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:arquitectura
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:arrojará
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:conclusiones
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:cualitativas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:cuantitativas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:diagnóstico
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:el
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:el
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:el
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:El
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:encaminar
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:Esta
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:establecer
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:estado
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:estado
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:FNA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:futuro
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:permitirá
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:permitirán
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:resultado
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:sobre
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:tanto
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:TOBE
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:10:valoraciones
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:12:Contenidos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:13:alineación
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:13:Análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:13:negocio
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:13:ROI
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:13:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:14:Análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:14:dependencia
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:14:FNA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:14:huella
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:14:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:14:tecnologica
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:15:Análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:15:FNA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:15:fortalezas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:15:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:16:Análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:16:gobierno
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:16:Interop
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:16:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:17:Análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:17:atributos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:17:calidad
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:17:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:18:beneficios
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:18:futuros
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:18:Oportunidades
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:18:Requerimientos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:18:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:18:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:20:Aceptación
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:20:Criterios
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:Análisis
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:dependencia
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:desde
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:dominios
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:el
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:forataleza
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:información
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:información
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:infraestructura
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:negocio
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:objetivos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:proveedor
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:sistemas
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:situación
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:SOA
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:21:tiempo
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:descripción
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:ecosistema
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:mejora
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:nuevos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:oportunidades
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:posibles
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:Presentación
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:relacionados
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:requerimientos
content/03.Fase1 PR3 Resultado Diagnóstico Situación Actual.md:22:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:1:Estado
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:1:Fase
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:1:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:2:Contenido
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:2:Contractuales
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:2:Productos
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:4:Producto
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:4:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:4:Tecnológica
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:4:Vigilancia
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:Ahorro
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:aplicables
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:Describir
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:diseño
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:FNA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:Fondo
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:gestión
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:implementación
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:justificar
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:Nacional
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:selección
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:servicios
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:técnicas
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:5:tecnologías
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:análisis
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:aplicaciones
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:dependencia
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:el
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:este
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:Nota
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:objetivos
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:producto
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:proveedor
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:provienen
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:proyecto
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:tiempo
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:7:únicamente
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:11:Justificación
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:avances
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:desarrollo
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:el
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:el
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:FNA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:Identificar
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:impulsen
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:iniciativas
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:propuestas
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:12:solución
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:16:Contenidos
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:17:afines
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:17:Fondo
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:17:Lista
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:17:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:17:tecnologías
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:18:beneficios
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:18:FNA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:18:Lista
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:18:por
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:18:seleccionadas
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:18:tecnologías
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:19:adopción
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:19:adquisición
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:19:Implicaciones
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:19:tecnológica
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:23:Aceptación
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:23:Criterios
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:alinea
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:Evaluación
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:Identificación
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:mejor
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:objetivos
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:proyecto
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:SOA
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:25:tecnología
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:26:arquitectura
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:26:Nivel
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:26:Presentación
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:26:solución
content/05.Fase1 PR5 Vigilancia Tecnológica SOA.md:26:una
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:Estado
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:Fase
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:1:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:2:Contenido
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:2:Contractuales
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:2:Productos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:4:Comparativa
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:4:el
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:4:FNA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:4:industria
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:4:Producto
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:cómo
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:comparar
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:Describir
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:el
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:empresas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:enfrentan
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:flexibilidad
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:Fondo
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:independencia
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:industria
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:manera
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:negocio
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:otros
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:proveedor
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:retos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:sectores
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:segmento
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:5:tecnológico
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:análisis
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:aplicaciones
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:dependencia
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:el
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:este
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:Nota
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:objetivos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:producto
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:proveedor
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:provienen
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:proyecto
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:tiempo
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:7:únicamente
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:11:Justificación
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:aplicables
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:comparativa
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:estos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:Fondo
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:Fondo
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:futuras
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:gobierno
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:hallazgos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:hoja
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:industria
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:iniciativas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:mejora
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:mismos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:procesos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:procesos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:productos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:proveerá
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:pueden
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:ruta
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:ser
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:sus
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:tanto
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:traducidos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:una
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:12:vez
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:14:Contenidos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:adopción
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:Niveles
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:organizaciones
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:15:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:empresas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:Focos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:implementación
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:lograr
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:pueden
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:16:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:inversión
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:posibles
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:Retornos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:ROI
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:17:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:empresas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:implementación
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:por
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:Retos
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:18:superado
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:empresas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:implementación
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:percibidas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:por
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:rendimiento
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:19:Ventajas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:comparativa
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:Conclusiones
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:el
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:FNA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:oportunidades
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:20:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:24:Aceptación
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:24:Criterios
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:26:el
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:26:FNA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:26:iniciativas
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:26:Lista
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:26:oportunidades
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:26:por
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:26:ralizables
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:arquitectura
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:capacidades
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:Fondo
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:Mejoras
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:SOA
content/06.Fase1 PR6 Comparativa FNA industria.md:27:visibles
